[Music]
the letterbox are lovely magnificent
creatures they're large they're
overwhelming and they're gentle we've
seen our our Schools program and it's
aimed at the younger ones and from the
from the age of seven they will have had
the knowledge about the turtles and they
will continue the work I'm sure I see
the blaze in their eyes my name's Jake
marine biologists and Tardelli you are
gonna be marine biologists still
[Applause]
[Music]
no but hey guys what's this right here
we're gonna fish that out we don't want
this in the water why don't we want this
in the water guys yeah what does this
look like loosely a jellyfish doesn't is
this kind of stuff we want in the water
no we don't want to see anything like
this
I love the letter boxes not only like
them I love them
excite him and amazing cuz it was my
first time ever in life to see a
leatherback turtle I wasn't expecting it
to be that big it's like bigger than me
and you there are the ones who have to
continue the work we are doing right now
and this is where Dominica is really
releasing its hope for the complete
protection of the species on this planet
anytime I see a plastic or a bottle in
the sea I like take it up pick it up and
threw it in the bin or if I see someone
I say hey save that back
[Music]
you